Treinamento Oficial e Voucher Google Cloud Platform 100% gratuito para certificação profissional

https://guiadeti.com.br/treinamento-oficial-voucher-google-cloud-platform/


Curso 1 https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/course_templates/177
Curso 2 https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/course_templates/182
Curso 3 https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/course_templates/188
Curso 4 https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/course_templates/189






Creating a Virtual Machine
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/focuses/3563?parent=catalog

Create and Manage Cloud Resources: Challenge Lab
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/focuses/10258?parent=catalog&qlcampaign=4p-EDUCR-GCCF-CEAR%C3%81_FACULTY_NEW2023-27

Getting Started with Cloud Shell and gcloud
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/focuses/563?parent=catalog

APIs Explorer do Google
https://developers.google.com/apis-explorer?hl=pt-br#p/

Google Cloud Essentials
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/quests/23

Understanding Your Google Cloud Costs
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/quests/90


Compute Engine: Qwik Start - Windows
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/focuses/560?parent=catalog


Visão geral do Google Cloud
https://cloud.google.com/docs/overview?hl=pt-br#projects


Produtos do Google Cloud
https://cloud.google.com/products?hl=pt-br#top_of_page


Identity and Access Management (IAM)
https://cloud.google.com/iam?hl=pt-br


Guia de projeto da AP
https://cloud.google.com/apis/design?hl=pt-br


APIs Explorer: Qwik Start
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/focuses/2457?parent=catalog


Getting Started with Cloud Shell and gcloud
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/focuses/563?parent=catalog


Discover Google Cloud training your way
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/catalog?format%5B%5D=quests


Creating a Virtual Machine
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/focuses/3563?parent=catalog


Como entender os papéis
https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/understanding-roles?hl=pt-br#primitive%5C_roles


Using the Cloud SDK Command Line
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/quests/95


Provision Services with Google Cloud Marketplace
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/focuses/565?parent=catalog


Creating a Persistent Disk
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/focuses/1753?parent=catalog


Configuring Networks via gcloud
https://www.cloudskillsboost.google/focuses/7140?parent=catalog


Documentação do Cloud Shell
https://cloud.google.com/shell/docs?hl=pt-br


Visão geral da CLI gcloud
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud?hl=pt-br


Regiões e zonas
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions-zones?hl=pt-br


teste para saber se sei usar o git no windows...